Once upon a time, in a world far, far away...
there was a girl named Kaia and a boy named Taj
and they decided to devise a plan to murder all their friends -cough cough alec cough cough- for being too annoying
And while they were planning, they realized subconciously that they were perfect for each other and began to fall in love!
and they fell laughing to the floor at the hideous thought. However, they then decided to inflict pain upon their criends-alec- and and summoned glowing rubber duckies to destroy his life
But the rubber duckies were old and wise, and decided to share thier sage knowledge with the lovers in denial, and yet the lovers didn't listen, and continued to yell at the ducks to attackthier criends, which left the ducks confused because they were not aware of what a criend is.
but as the duckies left, they then turned back to the annoying friend and said shamaunu. Then the three fates came and told the annoying friend and the sage duckies that they could see all and convene with aphrodite and that the two friends were just that-friends. Then the fates decided to kill the annoying friend in retribution. They murdered him by letting him drown in a bathtub, before placing him in the Fields of Punishment for all of eternity
But the friend escaped, and his ghost came back, and declared that quite simply the fates must be wrong in saying that Kaia and Taj were "Only" friends, since Kaia and Taj don't have ANY friends, and therefore the only logical conclusion is that they are lovers in denial, therefore proving said friend and the rubber duckies to be 100% correct
but then the fates came along yet again and told alec that his arguement was invalid since they did have a friend named Little Miss Sunshine TM. Little Miss Sunshine TM came to slap some sense back into the ghost of Alec for his stupid ideas. She then banished him back to the Underworld, wherer hades personally made sure he never escaped again
Alec and Kaia where both inspired by the result of this poem to pursue a career in poetry.
